Add kernel module (#1102)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

# Release 0.16.0-dev (development release)

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* PennyLane now has a ``kernels`` module.
  It provides basic functionalities for working with quantum kernels as well as 
  post-processing methods to mitigate sampling errors and device noise:

```python
import pennylane as qml
from pennylane import numpy as np

num_wires = 6
wires = range(num_wires)

dev = qml.device('default.qubit', wires=num_wires)

@qml.qnode(dev)
def kernel_circuit(x1, x2):
    qml.templates.AngleEmbedding(x1, wires=wires)

>     qml.adjoint(qml.templates.AngleEmbedding(x2, wires=wires))

Reviewer: @dwierichs  is this not wrong syntax, thinking of your issue #1336 ? 

+1 reason for making this work :)

Reviewer 2: Haha I thought I caught all of them. Thanks!

random_mat2 = rng.standard_normal(3, requires_grad=False)
```

* PennyLane now has a ``kernels`` module.

>   It provides basic functionalities for computing quantum embedding kernels as well as 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It provides basic functionalities for working with quantum kernels as well as 
```
nit-picking: a) the computation itself is done by the user, so "working" may be better; b) the functionality should work for all quantum kernels, not only the "embedding" ones, right?

```python
import pennylane as qml
from pennylane import numpy as np

num_wires = 6
wires = range(num_wires)

dev = qml.device('default.qubit', wires=num_wires)

@qml.qnode(dev)
def kernel_circuit(x1, x2):
    qml.templates.AngleEmbedding(x1, wires=wires)
    qml.adjoint(qml.templates.AngleEmbedding(x2, wires=wires))
    return qml.probs(wires)

kernel = lambda x1, x2: kernel_circuit(x1, x2)[0]

# "Training feature vectors"
X_train = np.random.random((10, 6))
# Create symmetric square kernel matrix (for training)
K = qml.kernels.square_kernel_matrix(X_train, kernel)
# Add some (symmetric) Gaussian noise to the kernel matrix.
N = np.random.randn(10, 10)
K += (N + N.T) / 2
        
K1 = qml.kernels.displace_matrix(K)
K2 = qml.kernels.closest_psd_matrix(K)
K3 = qml.kernels.threshold_matrix(K)
K4 = qml.kernels.mitigate_depolarizing_noise(K, num_wires, method='single')
K5 = qml.kernels.mitigate_depolarizing_noise(K, num_wires, method='average')
K6 = qml.kernels.mitigate_depolarizing_noise(K, num_wires, method='split_channel')

# "Testing feature vectors"
X_test = np.random.random((5, 6))
# Compute kernel between test and training data.

> K_test = qml.kernels.kernel_matrix(X_train, X_test, kernel)

Reviewer: Nice functions!

```

>   A demo on the module is work in progress.

Reviewer: I would remove this, because the release notes will be there for ever :)

  The post-processing methods are discussed in   [Hubregtsen *et al.*](https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.02276) 

>   and [Wang *et al.*](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.16774)

Reviewer: Since we want the module to grow, shall we move these links solely to the docstrings? This helps people who actually see the functions, and we can change them at will.

Reviewer 2: Sounds reasonable to me. @johannesjmeyer what do you think?

Author: Sounds good!
